[Music]
Very good my dear lovers of the
heart how are you and well first
of all I apologize that in the end I
'm not doing live shows I don't know if I'll do
some kind of live show today in the end
because I'm wrapped up
looking for things in the newspaper archives and watching
things not to make a video on the
main channel about the latest
events no then you know
that to do things well I like I
like to spend time investigating
looking for videos old programs no and
comparing things and you can't do eight
thousand things at once if you want to do
things well you have to focus no
because if not in the end if you want to do a
thousand things then you do them all wrong and
nothing happens okay because one day I don't do
live shows or I'm making less news
I'm focused on bringing a good video
to the main channel which by the way
today I uploaded one if you want to see it
take a look because it's very
funny it was the day that they shot me with
tweets and the truth is that I was sorry to
lose that material but as you know
in the end it has been recovered you can go to the
main channel hub and oliveira and
take a look at this video well  I
want to tell you something that I found that really
caught my attention and it is
these statements by Maria Patiño
yesterday afternoon pay attention to
the professional journalist who may have
had a relationship with him
and I remembered my colleague who talked about
Calleja what a difference in management
honey what a difference we haven't put our
fingers in [ __ ] Calleja to get him to tell us
okay he's trying to compare [ __ ]
Calleja and Terelu with Antonio David and
Marta Riesgo
first of all yes there is a difference because
Marta has not been discreet at all about this she has
n't stopped and she's been telling people in the
corridors and up until now not everyone knows about it
and until it was made public
and confirmed when there was no
need to confirm it because they had
n't been caught yet she hasn't
been discreet at all but still I don't
know the comparison seems absurd to me yes there
has been a lot of talk at the time about
[ __ ] Calleja with Terelu okay look here you
have some headlines that I went to
put on screen in fact they
even admitted on a Sálvame show in
2015 that they had had a romance that
later  they apparently took it up again then they
took it up again in later years okay
here I'll be showing you some
headlines no it's sometimes that they are
supported points and so on no and look at the
party that ended with a foot massage
from [ __ ] Calleja Terelu Campos
four years ago yes there have been headlines
yes there have been gossip there have been
rumors and things no what happens well
yes Maria Patiño is right in that
no in the difference that you can't
compare not how Mar has handled it late
like [ __ ] Calleja did but also there would
be one thing is that it doesn't have the
same interest okay in the first place it doesn't
have the same interest if
the audience had gone up the [ __ ] Calleja issue
with Terelu I can tell you that they would have
exploited it a lot but you're not
going to compare the media interest what
the audience goes up and what
Antonio David Flores Rocio Carrasco moves
well the issue the Antonio David
Flores issue Rocio Carrasco Marta Risk La
Moreno the issue of the Flores
Moreno families in general having
Antonio David involved with  [ __ ] Calleja, you see, it
's not the same thing, to begin with, that's true, you ca
n't compare the interest that
one thing has with the other, although it has
generated the same interest, we would have
seen if they had it, it's soon to more or
less, no, and well, on the other hand, the one who
is not equally protected,
Pere Luque, Antonio David, Antonio Ávido, they
have their jugular between their eyebrows and their vague eyebrows, going for
him and in a quite
personal way, and they have Terelu protected, I
want to remind you that Terelu got
a brutal sentence against Telecinco, I don't
know if specifically against Telecinco
as a whole or against the production company
La Fábrica de la Tele
because of the tomato thing or whatever, I think it
was against the 35, at least from
memory you wouldn't have to look at it, we
have videos talking about that subject, in
fact, but Terelu was once recorded
in a nightclub in an intimate way with
an ex-partner that everyone knows who are
journalists and Terelu got a
brutal sentence, a brutal sentence that in
fact was, they were sentenced in the first
instance and in Terelu's appeal they
sentenced them even more, no, and for  that
time Terelu or well to return to
Telecinco because they remembered that she
left that her mother was on Antena 3
in fact not so that the Campos
would return to Telecinco water and protection
or there is protection so I'm going to compare one
thing with the other family what do you think
are you reading the
comments box I send you a huge hug
[Music]